Even just a piece of bread.
-You'll be blessed.
-Yes.
Hey, Ko Hye-ja.
You said I shouldn't carry
an English book around
or receive the school newspaper
since I'm not a college student.
You said I should know my place.
Why are you bringing that up now?
Shut it. You don't get any food.
-Yoon Seol-hui!
-Yes?
Did you call me?
Hand out what you're holding
to the hostages.
And make sure
you don't give Ko Hye-ja any.
You don't give whom any again?
Ko…
Ko Hye-ja…
You're hungry, aren't you?
This won't do. Demand some more food.
Stand up.
You son of a b****.
You're betraying your country in the end?
They traded the South our lives for money
while they guaranteed us our safe return.
What?
They've disposed of their own agents.
Shut your mouth.
How dare you traitor bastard
insult our party?
It seems Lim Soo-ho betrayed you.
The ANSP agent's putting
a gun to the doctor's head.
A gun?
And she called Soo-ho a traitor.
I heard it clearly.
Keep an eye on the hostages.
What is it? What's going on?
Everyone, hands over your heads.
And keep your heads down!
Eung-cheol.
Keep a close watch on the hostages.
Keep your heads down!